Add GitHub to integration navigation (#462)
appsignal/appsignal-docs: source/application/integrations/github.html.md

---
title: GitHub
---

[Github][github] is the best place to share code with friends, co-workers, classmates, and complete strangers. Over six million people use GitHub to build amazing things together.

## Adding Organization issue tracker integrations

Head over to your application's [integration](https://appsignal.com/redirect-to/app?to=integrations) page. Click on the "Configure" button for GitHub integration.

> <img src="/assets/images/screenshots/github/connfigure.png" style="max-width: 650px" alt="GitHub AppSignal integration">

Reviewer: configure is written with a typo (connfigure)

Author: Fixed

On the next step click on the "Install Github app" button.

<img src="/assets/images/screenshots/github/install.png" style="max-width: 650px" alt="Install GitHub app">

> You will be redirected to GitHub, here you should select your account/organization where the application sourcecode exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be redirected to GitHub, here you should select your account/organization where the application source code exists.
```
